Docs: Document `windowHistorySupport` flag, and add `pushState`/`replaceState` examples (#60374)
vercel/next.js: docs/02-app/02-api-reference/05-next-config-js/windowHistorySupport.mdx

---

> title: webVitalsAttribution

Author: ```suggestion
title: windowHistorySupport
description: Learn how to use the windowHistorySupport to sync the History API with the Next.js Router. 
```

> title: webVitalsAttribution
> description: Learn how to use the webVitalsAttribution option to pinpoint the source of Web Vitals issues.

Author: ```suggestion
title: windowHistorySupport
description: Learn how to use the windowHistorySupport to sync the History API with the Next.js Router. 
```

Reviewer: You probably forgot to commit this change

I made a follow up #60503

Author: Thank you 🙏🏼
